updates for GA, as per ticket and also some restructuring (#1502)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0/developing-applications/getting-started/installing/_index.md

    weight: 2000
section_menu: corda5
---
# Installing the CSDE
{{< note >}}
The images in this section show the `CSDE-cordapp-template-kotlin` repository in IntelliJ. If you are working with the `CSDE-cordapp-template-java` repository, it looks very similar but the flow code is in a `java` folder and the flow code is saved in more source files. For more information, see [Java Flow Code]({{< relref "../first-flow/code-java.md" >}}).
{{< /note >}}

## Downloading the CSDE

1. To obtain the CSDE template, clone the [CSDE-cordapp-template-kotlin repository](https://github.com/corda/CSDE-cordapp-template-kotlin) or [CSDE-cordapp-template-java repository](https://github.com/corda/CSDE-cordapp-template-java):

   {{< tabs name="clone-csde">}}
   {{% tab name="Kotlin"%}}
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/corda/CSDE-cordapp-template-kotlin.git <local-folder>
   ```
   {{% /tab %}}

   {{% tab name="Java" %}}
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/corda/CSDE-cordapp-template-java.git <local-folder>
   ```
   {{% /tab %}}
   {{< /tabs >}}

2. Change to the new folder and checkout the Beta 4 branch:

   ```sh
   git checkout release/corda-5-beta-4
   ```

> 3. Initialise the git repo and change the remote so you do not inadvertently push your work back to our R3 repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Initialise the Git repository and change the remote so you do not inadvertently push your work back to the R3 repository:
```

   ```sh
   git init
   git remote add origin <remote-url>
   ```

   where `<remote-url>` is the URL of the remote repository that you have created.

3. Open the project in IntelliJ and let the import process complete.
  When complete, the project structure looks as follows:

  {{< figure src="CSDE-full-screen.png" figcaption="CSDE project" alt="CSDE project in IntelliJ" >}}

## Configuring the CSDE

> The CSDE includes [Gradle tasks](#gradle-helpers-for-the-combined-worker) to manage a local deployment of Corda. These Gradle tasks require Java Azul Zulu 11. To configure IntelliJ to use the correct Java version for Gradle, set **Gradle JVM** to `Project SDK 11`, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CSDE includes [Gradle tasks](#gradle-helpers-for-the-combined-worker) to manage a local deployment of Corda. These Gradle tasks require Java Azul Zulu 11. To configure IntelliJ to use the correct Java version for Gradle, set **Gradle JVM** to **Project SDK 11**, as follows:
```
